About Stripe

Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions

of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious

startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and

accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the

GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That

means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy

within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your

career.

About The Team

At Stripe, we’re dedicated to helping millions of companies worldwide to

find the financial products they need to grow their businesses. That’s

why our Growth Data Science team creates intelligent data products and

insights to help us deliver the right message to the right user at the

right time. We collaborate with Marketing and Sales to influence the

go-to-market strategy, boost product adoption, and increase user

retention by making data-driven decisions at scale.

What you’ll do

We’re looking for a Data Scientist to partner with the Marketing team to

improve the performance and target efficiency of marketing performance

across channels (e.g. email, website, events, paid search) and across

funnels (e.g. self-serve, sold), develop attribution models, and

generate insights to inform data-driven go-to-market strategy.

Responsibilities
Apply statistical, machine learning and econometric models on large datasets to measure performance, and identify the causal impact of marketing campaigns.
Develop attribution models, and generate insights into what campaigns and channels are most effective from the attribution model.
Develop predictive lead scoring to identify the target audience for marketing and sales campaigns.
Design, analyze, and interpret the results of experiments. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.
Partner closely with Marketing, Sales, Finance, Engineering and Product teams to identify and address the most impactful challenges with data and analyses.

Who you are

We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be

considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are

encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a

requirement.

Minimum Requirements
6+ years of data science/quantitative modeling experience.
A PhD or MS in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Sciences, Engineering).
Strong knowledge of statistics, machine learning, and experiment design.
Proficiency in Python and SQL.
Experience with data-distributed tools (Scalding, Spark, Hadoop, etc).
A demonstrated ability to manage and deliver on multiple projects with a high attention to detail.
Ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact.
Experience working with cross-functional teams to deliver results.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience designing and developing statistical modeling or machine learning pipelines.
Experience working with Marketing and/or Growth teams.